[github] add support resources (#5580)
expo/expo: SUPPORT.md

# Expo Support

> To best serve our users, we provide a couple different channels of support, depending on what you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To best serve Expo developers, the Expo team provides a couple different channels of support, depending on what you need.
```

> - Github issues are reserved for bug reports **only**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- GitHub issues are for bug reports **only**
```

- General questions regarding Expo and its services should be asked on our [Forums](https://forums.expo.io/)

> - If you need more dedicated support, including root cause analysis for Expo-related bugs affecting your project, and a gauranteed response time, take a look at our [professional support offering](https://expo.io/support) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you need more dedicated support, including root cause analysis for Expo-related bugs affecting your project, and a guaranteed response time, take a look at our [professional support offering](https://expo.io/support) 
```
